# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
The dataset is on the direct marketing campaign of bank. Each record represents a potential target customer for deposit placement with the bank and its result as to whether effort led to placement of deposit. What we tried to do with the ML model was to train a binary classification model to predict whether a potential target of marketing campaign would lead to a deposit placement. 

I used two ML pipelines, defining the primary metric as "Accuracy". They are:

1) Scikit-learn pipeline with Logistic Regression Classifier and hyperdrive for hyperparameter tuning.

2) Microsoft Azure proprietary AutoML pipeline for automated machine learning including selection of classifiers and their hyper parameters.

The selected best models were:

i) Scikit-learn: Logistic Regression model with 91.138% Accuracy and with parameter values: C1: 0.48392209, max_iter: 200.

ii) Azure AutoML: VotingEnsemble classifier with 91.639 % Accuracy. Therefore, best pipeline was Azure AutoML and best model was VotingEnsemble classifier with 91.639 % Accuracy.
## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
